...Like I've said, just do something, Rinnosuke!
Do something? Like what?
I liked TewiKourin.
Oh, Tewi huh? That wasn't bad!
Do it again.
I don't want to! I still have trauma from that, not to mention I went bankrupt.
Alright, let's do it this way. Let's make duos and have a small manzai contest.
Ooh, what's the prize?
*A magatama is curved stone pendant,
like a single side of a yin-yang.
How about this magatama?
I'll do it, I'll do it!
That's amazing!
Alright, l-let's do it! K-Kourin, let's do it!
Eh? With you, Marisa-san?
Ok, everyone listen up! We're going to do manzai!
Hello everyone! We're KourinSpark!
Hello!
Nice to meet you.
Yes, nice to meet you.
Yep, just the other day our duo stirred up a drug incident...
No no no!
That never happened!
We're going to keep working hard from now on, and we ask for your best regards.
Uh-huh.
Wow, because it's the Touhou M-1, there sure are a lot of people!
That's true.
But Rinnosuke-san...
Yes, what is it?
There sure are a lot of attractive patrons today.
There sure are a lot.
Today especially, there's a bunch of them!
A bunch, indeed! Shall we take a look at them?
Let's take a look at them!
Beautiful person, beautiful person... skip one, and another beautiful person!
You can't just skip a person! Cut it out!
...Really now!
Er, I guess so.
Seriously! You can't just skip them.
You're right, I can't just skip them.
It's strange if you skip them! Rude, too!
Y-you're right, it's rude.
After they've voluntarily come to watch us, too!
You're right. Continuing... Beautiful person, beautiful person... go back one and another beautiful person.
You can't just go back! I can't keep doing this with you!
...Really now!
We've got to do it properly! It's rude, since everyone stopped drinking saké just to watch us.
Y-you're absolutely right. T-they won't listen if we don't.
Right, you can't be rude to them.
Okay, let's do it correctly now.
Yes, for the last one, correctly.
Let's do the final one, then. Let's take a look, shall we?
"Toppinshan" means a winner, as in a lottery ticket or a correct answer. Sounds a lot like "Beppinsan", beautiful person.
Winner, winner, winner, winner!
What do you mean by a winner? I'm going to have to ask you to stop!
...Really now!
Rinnosuke-san?
Yeah... don't you think it's a bit weird?
Huh? What is?
I've already finished setting up three jokes!
Seriously?
This next one is going to be the fourth set up!
The fourth set up? I can't stand already doing the fourth set up, cut it out!
...Really now!
If you're going to end it, just end it!
Thank you very much!
Hey, that was good. Rinnosuke and Marisa, you're good! NExt up let's have... Reimu and Nazrin.